it's question that I get every single
day and guys today I'm gonna be here to
answer it for you Lou caves like I
something I've excelled on I have done
this for a very long time I've done over
a hundred and fifty hundred sixty Lou
caves all together there's a lot of
older ones i had input like you know who
gave one who gave to Luc a three I kind
of like restarted the numbers and every
day when I started to change a lot with
my channel and now guys I want to sit
down let you all know that Vanguard rock
or whatever the hell it is now after the
DLC has dropped it's definitely by far
not the best way to get in grams a lot
of people swore that that was and it
definitely was not Lou caves were by for
the better one you got about like 10 to
15 even more in grams from farming just
Luke aids and that was of course the
thing that everybody wanted they just
want it in grams but now I'm doing one
of the house of wolves like little mini
like public events and it's where you're
just hunting down a guy you know you
gotta kill a guy and then you get it
ether key and then you go farm all the
ether chest well a lot of people are
going to sit there and say you know all
you know we already know that we've got
a ton of videos of people doing that
showing them how to do it especially
here in Skywatch well guys there is a
loot cave here in sky watch that farms
in the old original loot cave and that
forms another spot that is instant spawn
so after you do all of these little mini
public events you do the loot cave and
between while you wait for these guys
and when you do that you're able to
absolutely kit and
amount of engrams just buy for me all of
this now they're going to be killing
that last guy I'm just trying to move
over here before they do because as soon
as they do kill him we're gonna be
farming oh my god those guys got wrecked
but we're going to be farming DHS and
after we form the dress I'm gonna show
you guys how to do Lulu k now right here
we're actually going to be kind of doing
it a little bit while we wait then to
kill him because for some reason it is
taking these guys a year did just kill a
guy I already have a couple because I've
done this just for about 10 minutes and
after me doing it for 10 minutes i'll
show you guys exactly how much we get
added with the time with this so we are
already in it for overall 12 minutes of
me just farming before the recording and
with the recording now and i'm going to
show you guys how much i've gotten this
will probably be overall at 10 minute
recording or not Simon recorded a
20-minute like for me and you guys will
be able to see why this is by far the
best way to do it but we're going to run
over here we're going to go ahead grab
this we could have gotten that's a
couple more times if I was paying
attention or a couple more times
probably to hit it one more time we're
going to only probably get about three I
doubt we're gonna get it fourth time you
can actually form this chest and that
spot for about five times if you're able
to do it fast enough but yeah there's no
way we're gonna probably get it again I
don't know if I'm gonna really attempt
it i don't think i will i think i'm
going to show you guys the loot cave so
we're gonna go over here we're gonna
grab this and then i'm gonna show you
guys exactly what i do is you guys could
tell i literally just got a legendary
and Graham it's gonna be heavy that's
cool whatever you know it's all neat and
dandy
and what not but honestly guys I don't
need it i have so many and grams i got
so much shit already so there's no need
for me to really form these besides
really kind of like ranking up a crypt
art and that's something that you know I
Julie doing a love rain calibre creek
dark and honestly if you guys want on
how much Ingram's can get just within
two hours you fill up your hole into our
inventory you fill up your whole entire
vault and you fill up your whole entire
postmaster and when we turn all that and
your level about three to four times and
after you level about three to four
times you're going to be able to get
another level within your crypt art and
you have all those packages to to be
able to open and just kind of like farm
not really farm but you know kind of
like see what you get I haven't done
really an in gram opening for a bit
because I've just been so busy by
slamming out the prison of elders just
farming a lot of that but if you guys
want to know the loot cave let's go
ahead and get into it and I'll talk a
little bit about everything else later
so whenever you're standing right here
in this spot there's going to be a group
that spawns in right there and the
reason why they just spawn is because
the area that I'm standing in and the
fact that that guy moved away from the
middle whenever anybody standing inside
the middle spawn he is canceling this
bond that happened right there the spawn
that happens right there and the spawn
that happens in over there right now I'm
canceling the original Luke Apes falling
off i'll walk over here and I jump up
right here well we got a group right
below us we're gonna go ahead and blast
them we're gonna kill the Vandals that
spawns and over here as you guys can
tell too as soon as we got done killing
them and moving over these guys have
already respawn you can sit there and
you can farm them there from the rock
that I was standing at what shoes you're
walking over here this little group of
acolytes will spawning and then the big
booths will spawn in you farm them and
then what you want to do is you want to
be able to jump across to the rock that
we started at and you want to be able to
kill all of them that spawns in behind
us and so what you want to do again
let's kill this guy real quick and suz
you kill them the group over there is
already respawned you just start killing
them you jump back and if there's nobody
in your area that's cancelling the
spawns you are good to keep
doing this and guys all you're doing is
you're just farming for in grams this is
like in between the ether chest spawns
so this is the best way to get in grams
Lou caves are dead but if you do Luke
aid and an ether chest farm you're able
to just get an insane amount of many
grams there's a green there there's
probably a couple more greens over there
there is a blue over there that we saw
we'll go ahead and jump up right there's
the blue we're going to walk over here
so we don't get blasted while I could
show you guys this so we've been
recording for about six minutes so about
16 minutes immediate farming we've
gotten 12 let's see six let's see eight
then 11 14 15 in grams within 16 minutes
it is almost literally a it is actually
a minute and graham ratio every single
minute that passes you get pretty much
an Engram and if I pick up all of the
Ingram's that have dropped I've actually
gone over the amount of time now there's
another blues you guys could just tell
from farming that there's another blue
down there that is altogether 18 in
grams that doesn't even count the greens
that we already have on the ground the
ones i picked up and dismantled so if
you guys did enjoy this method slam that
like button yo guys if you are new hit
that subscribe button for your daily
dose of Destiny content and yo guys
again all these Lou caves that are
coming out every single day don't do
that you're wasting your time you really
are a lot of people are going to swear
you're not but guys honestly I did the
original Luke caves every single day I
didn't do the original luque but I did
Lu caves everyday daily I didn't copy
anybody and if I did take somebody's
concept I shouted them though but guys
take it from me since I did it daily for
over almost over 160 videos all together
of Luke caves
do this farm by far the best one out of
all of them if you guys did enjoy this
don't forget to share it to be able to
help out all other people too alright
guys I'll see you all later peace out
have a great day